hey guys Adrienne here today we were
taking a look at voice secretary voice
secretary isn't that for the iPhone that
allows you to not miss any important
events meetings whatever whether it's
business users or personal use by
allowing you to set you know being your
phone is acting your this application
essentially is acting as your voice
secretary you simply say something to
remind yourself about something and you
can use that voice recording to save and
have customized alerts
everything is ready available even if
you turn the app off so it can still
alert you even if the applications off
yeah even has a built-in recorder also
if needed so this is really great for
information that you need to remember
but you just don't have the opportunity
to type it in maybe you're driving or
something like that really cool really
cleaning your face so if you want to use
a recorder here you can easily just hit
record and of course you can hit all the
layers here to show you you calendar so
you can see here I had a voice reminder
earlier set I can swipe to complete it
so if I completed it I can mark it as
complete or I can click in hit delete so
I can delete all the all of the other
audio files will be deleted I'll hit yes
for this example because I want to lead
it so you can see there when you set
alerts on specific days it shows you so
today's the 26 I can click on that but
if I set them all any other day I can
also view the voice alerts I set for
myself previously now to record a voice
alert is really simple I hit the record
button or give me a notification but I
can also go in descending here to adjust
some stuff I can do prefixes alert time
it's news time for the other time time
intervals they also have a cool bunch of
settings here for like features like you
can do shape to record so you can shake
your phone and I'll start recording you
can do proximity sensor so if you raise
the phone to your ear or record and it
has great data management with sync
abilities to Dropbox and over Wi-Fi so
definitely something to check out here
now I'm going to go ahead and hit record
the screens get quickly a blank out here
just because the app the simulator app
does that when I hit when I am recording
here so I'll hit record and I'll say
testing voice alert 1 2 3 so I'm going
to go ahead and hit stop now and then
quickly are evil open up airplay here so
it will show
all right so after the recording is
actually saved here after you record you
can say it to remind you so we can say
you know quick in five minutes you can
remind me in 10 minutes in 30 minutes in
an hour or I can have an exact schedule
so you can see here I can say exact I
can say like tomorrow at 6:40 p.m. and I
can have it repeat so maybe it's
something that you need to do constantly
so maybe I can say you know brush your
teeth and remind myself my teeth have a
voice memo or something like don't
forget phone keys wallet you know
something like a voice reminder like
that
and I can have it repeat me repeatedly
alert me every day of that voice
reminder that way you know every time I
leave the house I can remember those
specific things I can even write a note
if I want to do so I can click write a
note and if you want to save this voice
memo as a note without reminding I can
do that as well so if I don't want to do
if I don't want to you know have it not
remind me I can do that if not I can
just click Saviour and then gets a blank
out here then in with this screen which
shows again the event date and time I
can even play it back from 1 I can play
through this speaker if I need to and I
can see here the alert sound what a
current alert and I have set I can
adjust that and say alert me at event
time I can delete it I can even post it
outside email I can have it some other
settings here I can even do a nag which
will work two times and 5 minute
intervals for each time so Magni about
that specific reminder really really
awesome app again really basic and I can
go back here and again I can go to all
alerts and see an alert for that
tomorrow you can see I have that alert
set I can easily just play it back and I
can hear it on my computer that it's
playing back I can also click into it
and get that relative information
nation that I had set on it so it's
really that simple really easy settings
you know you have tons of settings to
configure on the recordings and then of
course it's dead simple just hit the
record you know remind yourself of
anything anything again from business
use maybe it's our important meeting you
need to remember maybe it's something
you want to be repeated reminded of
daily you can set that repeated feature
up really easy and again view all alerts
in it has access to your calendar and
has access to your iPhone alerts really
dead simple again super easy to use
voice secretary definitely worth
checking it out it doesn't actually you
know again the only reason it was
blinking out here is because of the
airplay that's how I oh I oh s works
when you're recording but again really
simple really flawless way of reminding
yourself through voice and when you
don't have the time to type something
down or it's kind of tedious to type on
something some long reminder voice
secretary is a great way to do that
check it out in the apps are today